Fixing content nitpicks (#69)
buildkite/templates: golang-cross-compile/README.md

---
title: "Compile Go binary"

> description: "Build and cross-compile a Go binary for Linux, Windows, and Darwin architectures.

Author: Oops, missing closing quote now:

```suggestion
description: "Build and cross-compile a Go binary for Linux, Windows, and Darwin architectures."
```

> description: "Build Go binaries against different operating systems, architectures, and versions of Go."

Reviewer: Reading this description now, I reckon we could be more specific. e.g. 

```suggestion
description: "Build and cross-compile a Go binary for Linux, Windows, and Darwin architectures.
```
